#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   virtualenv
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
backoff==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
boto3==1.16.57
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
botocore==1.19.57
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements/travis.txt
coverage==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
distlib==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   virtualenv
django-storages==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==2.2.17
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-storages
    #   edx-django-release-util
edx-django-release-util==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==6.0.0.154
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==20.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path.py==11.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pip-tools==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   packaging
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-termstyle==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytz==2020.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
pywatchman==1.4.1 ; "linux" in sys_platform
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   codecov
s3transfer==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/travis.txt
tox==3.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox-battery
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
