#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
backoff==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
boto3==1.40.44
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.40.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
coverage[toml]==7.10.7
    # via pytest-cov
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-storages
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-waffle==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
edx-django-utils==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
newrelic==10.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
path==17.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
requests==2.32.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
